Packages: create new react package (#8502)
swissspidy/web-stories-wp: packages/react/README.md

# React

> Generic package that re-exports parts of `react` and `react-dom` alongside some other helpful utills.s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generic package that re-exports parts of `react` and `react-dom` alongside some other helpful utils and hooks.
```
